Tell us guys , rock and roll so far, let's go.
the m 7 250 test the input plate of the
new emi line of 1 gigabyte board
very basic in people we can not require
much of it
come on let's run that bs-4 is on
For us to make 20 marks just to
to have numbers more expensive can not play
However it was to cross the stop
working a lot all using action
to capture images with
loneliness because the gps but it is not and is
damaging the ideal rate setting
for you to run the optimal configuration
to run ds4 with this card is in the
as low as possible and has not yet
60 fpf will be varying there and 55
Put you here after you're done.
the user the witness will not will not
fights hard but does not have
the carioca 2011 as it should reach a
average of 15 13
I do not know 15 fps up to 20 minimum
ice, and we're going to put or put
in other configurations that ends up being
the third straight down or not
going to roll is in the range of 50 to where
Do you want a plaque to steal?
the board to run bs-4 is not
more suitable I think you opt for
one of the nvidia that ends up being more
business to the great advantage of 7 30 and 50
price is a plate well well into account
It's already over map, I 'm going
to close closed then we will go
place at that time the stadium of
maximum of 30ยบ and average in ultra that only
by the reference and configuration that
to play
it's low it does not stay above 60
You're beautiful because you liked the
video of chen ballinha comment suggestions
and it 's a big hug to everyone and I went